README.md, before:

> Forked from https://github.com/schickling/dockerfiles/tree/master/mysql-backup-s3

# mysql-backup-s3

Backup MySQL to S3 (supports periodic backups & mutli files)

## Basic usage

```sh
$ docker run -e S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID=key -e S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=secret -e S3_BUCKET=my-bucket -e S3_PREFIX=backup -e MYSQL_USER=user -e MYSQL_PASSWORD=password -e MYSQL_HOST=localhost schickling/mysql-backup-s3
```

## Environment variables

- `MYSQLDUMP_OPTIONS` mysqldump options (default: --quote-names --quick --add-drop-table --add-locks --allow-keywords --disable-keys --extended-insert --single-transaction --create-options --comments --net_buffer_length=16384)
- `MYSQLDUMP_DATABASE` list of databases you want to backup (default: --all-databases)
- `MYSQL_HOST` the mysql host *required*
- `MYSQL_PORT` the mysql port (default: 3306)
- `MYSQL_USER` the mysql user *required*
- `MYSQL_PASSWORD` the mysql password *required*
- `S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID` your AWS access key *required*
- `S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` your AWS secret key *required*
- `S3_BUCKET` your AWS S3 bucket path *required*
- `S3_PREFIX` path prefix in your bucket (default: 'backup')
- `S3_FILENAME` a consistent filename to overwrite with your backup.  If not set will use a timestamp.
- `S3_REGION` the AWS S3 bucket region (default: us-west-1)
- `S3_ENDPOINT` the AWS Endpoint URL, for S3 Compliant APIs such as [minio](https://minio.io) (default: none)
- `S3_S3V4` set to `yes` to enable AWS Signature Version 4, required for [minio](https://minio.io) servers (default: no)
- `MULTI_FILES` Allow to have one file per database if set `yes` default: no)
- `SCHEDULE` backup schedule time, see explainatons below

### Automatic Periodic Backups

You can additionally set the `SCHEDULE` environment variable like `-e SCHEDULE="@daily"` to run the backup automatically.

More information about the scheduling can be found [here](http://godoc.org/github.com/robfig/cron#hdr-Predefined_schedules).

Commit message:

update to latest debian and mysql client, remove SCHEDULE/go-cron

README.md, after:

> Forked from https://github.com/schickling/dockerfiles/tree/master/mysql-backup-s3

# mysql-backup-s3

Backup MySQL to S3 (supports periodic backups & mutli files).

Updated to use a Debian base image with the latest MySQL Client tools, removed support for `SCHEDULE` using go-cron.

## Basic usage

```sh
$ docker run -e S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID=key -e S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=secret -e S3_BUCKET=my-bucket -e S3_PREFIX=backup -e MYSQL_USER=user -e MYSQL_PASSWORD=password -e MYSQL_HOST=localhost schickling/mysql-backup-s3
```

## Environment variables

- `MYSQLDUMP_OPTIONS` mysqldump options (default: --quote-names --quick --add-drop-table --add-locks --allow-keywords --disable-keys --extended-insert --single-transaction --create-options --comments --net_buffer_length=16384)
- `MYSQLDUMP_DATABASE` list of databases you want to backup (default: --all-databases)
- `MYSQL_HOST` the mysql host *required*
- `MYSQL_PORT` the mysql port (default: 3306)
- `MYSQL_USER` the mysql user *required*
- `MYSQL_PASSWORD` the mysql password *required*
- `S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID` your AWS access key *required*
- `S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` your AWS secret key *required*
- `S3_BUCKET` your AWS S3 bucket path *required*
- `S3_PREFIX` path prefix in your bucket (default: 'backup')
- `S3_FILENAME` a consistent filename to overwrite with your backup.  If not set will use a timestamp.
- `S3_REGION` the AWS S3 bucket region (default: us-west-1)
- `S3_ENDPOINT` the AWS Endpoint URL, for S3 Compliant APIs such as [minio](https://minio.io) (default: none)
- `S3_S3V4` set to `yes` to enable AWS Signature Version 4, required for [minio](https://minio.io) servers (default: no)
- `MULTI_FILES` Allow to have one file per database if set `yes` default: no)
